The Joe Rogan experience.
What do you think about today's era of boxings but particularly the heavyweight
division. I mean, it's, it's real exciting right now.
I think it's coming back. Yes. I think coming back, you know, Ruiz don't mm-hmm,
<affirmative> sneak through the picture and then, and,
and I like that because here's a guy you look at,
you may think he can't fight. Right. Fight him, dude. He can.
Fight. Yeah. Oh, that Andy Ruiz can throw some.
Combination. Oh yeah. Sure. I'm like, and I was,
I was telling a friend of mines. I would tell a friend of mine. I said,
now I said, they picked the wrong guy. He said, what you talk about, man,
that point he don't look like he said, I said, he just look like that.
He can fight. I said, I spar with it. I say, he,
the first person I ever spared that I say, I never want to fight. Really?
Yeah. I said, but he was that he was that good. I'm saying, you know,
now at that time I was, I, I, I was, uh,
46 and so he had to be probably ninth team.
And I just said, and, but that my first time ever seeing a guy and I say,
uh, I don't wanna fight him. <laugh> I just,
I was glad that I retired after 46.
Oh, he has beautiful combinations. And you look at his body and you say, oh,
that's a guy that's overweight. But underneath all that fat,
there's an in athlete.
Why? But that's what I'm saying. I, you know, so it, you just can't,
you just can't go by eye. How it look these days. Cause Anthony.
Joshua looks like a Greek. God, we sure did. I mean,
he looks like he's carved outta a stone. Oh.
Yeah. He knocked him down. That guy got up and knocked him down three.
Times. Crazy. And then you got Deontay Wilder.
Who's one of the craziest heavyweight knockout artist ever. I mean,
that guy has preposterous power.
Wait, you know, I'm you know, and cause people asked me about him. I said, well,
you know what I said, only thing I can say he from Alabama too.
<laugh> I said I'm from Alabama. So I'm in the water, God up. I said,
but it's his confide. Mm-hmm <affirmative> you know, Dion.
He, he, he, he go in, he go in and he fight his fight.
And, and when he can see that shot, he threw it in and everybody, buddy,
he get wild at the end. I said,
mm-hmm <affirmative> least he know the guy hurt though. Right? Right. I said,
he don't get wild before the guy get hurt. Right. I by he know the guy hurt.
I said, so he can,
he can take chance to throw in loop his shot back mm-hmm <affirmative> cause the
guy hurt. I said, but at least he's smart enough to know.
But I remember the time when he got hurt, he got knocked down and all that.
And one thing did these shows, he had confidence.
Cause people don't have confidence. They get hurt. They started trying to run.
Right, right. When he got hurt, he came forth.
And that's the reason why he was able to buy that round.
Then the next round he knocked the guy out.
Well, Ortiz and him are gonna have a.
Rematch. Yeah. I'm telling that's the guy that it was.
To the, and Ortiz is no joke. He's a dangerous fighter, man. That.
That's reason I couldn't figure out why you were give another chance.
<laugh> which shows his confidence. Confidence. He showed confidence.
Cause the fact that the man now ain't nobody,
even after that fight want to fight ort steal. They said, nah, true.
I'm gonna wish him to go away. Yeah. Right. Because he's a good fighter.
And he he's one of the most, most clever fighters out there. Yes.
And that's the reason I'm like, okay, hell he, you did it one time. Okay.
You know why?
Let him knock somebody else out and let him upset somebody before he come.
Back and Ortiz is getting old. I mean, no one even knows how,
how old he really is. Cuz he's from Cuba.
You know this speculation that he's 50 years old, people don't even know.
Right. They.
Don't. But he's an amazing fighter.
He's so skilled outta that Cuban amateur program.
I mean his boxing is just top notch and he had Deontay in all sorts of trouble,
but you're right.
While the showed that he could overcome adversity and that his power that's one
of the more impressive things about him. His power doesn't go away.
He keeps that power like deep in the 12th round.
When he knocked out Tyson fury or knocked down Tyson fury in the 12th round,
it looked like it was over.
But that's what I'm saying. I'm saying, yeah, this what you talking? What?
You talking confidence. And I'm like, and I told him, I said, look, man,
I, I said, I said, you only person.
I know that tall and lighter than me. <laugh> that's true. Right.
I'm I'm like he, he fight two 30. He fight two 13.
He was 2 0 9. When he fought Tyson fury 2 0 9, the day of the fight.
That's crazy. I said.
That one said, I'm like, I'm, like I said, now,
that's what you told confidence in all this. Yeah. And I kinda, I said,
you know, but he don't worry about it. Right. I'm like, you know, no,
he don't care. See, see, and that's what, that's why I like it.
Certain people to me, with me, everybody said, man, you,
they started talking about this stuff. I said, look, I care about that.
I can fight, man. Yeah. And you know what, when he,
when he saw talking to people and people get scared of, cause he say, look man,
I can fight. I know what I could do. Yeah. He know he, he, he,
all he gotta do is hit you with that big right hand.
Yes. Or the left.
Hand, I just thought was hand. Cause he, he,
cause I seen him when he hit this boy where he, now I'm doing little hook.
I said, man, I got, he, he got a.
Hook there. Well, 12th round, it was a right hand and a left hook behind it.
Snap Tyson's head back. Yep. But I mean, Tyson, Fury's incredible too, man,
that guy got up after that.
99% of the people on planet earth would still be out cold after those two
punches. Wait.
Wait, what, what? I'm what I try to get people to see.
I say now the referee then supposed to let him get up. Most people,
most fighter would get up. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but the referee,
well dive on your, jump on you.
Won't let you get cause cause for you to lay flat like that for four or five
seconds, they ain't supposed to do that. Right. Most.
Referees would've called it off right there. Yeah. Yeah.
Well thank God he didn't well.
Well, you know, I'm out for sure. Cause it messed up the whole thing.
He would have been the temp and, and, and so now they.
Yeah,
but aren't you excited that he got up and then Tyson fury went up winning the
rest of the round.
Well wait. Yeah, he did. He did did,
but still when you do the thing, right.
Your job for to be safe a fighter. Right.
And I see what you're saying. So you think the referee should've probably saved.
Yeah. The referee supposed to do with it. My own thing. Cuz I'm if it,
anybody is, they would've did it. You know.
What bothers me? What bothers me is the count was more than tens.
But that's what I'm saying. That's what bothers me.
What bothers me is I think it shouldn't be the referee going one, two,
it should be a number like there should be like a, a timer.
They do have a timer. They had a timer. This is how, you know, they, they had a,
they have a guy with a referee and thinking he count two.
Right. But he's counting. But I want a number,
like a digital clock that shows you 10 actual seconds.
I think they should have something like that.
Cause to leave it up to the referee, some referees like 1, 2, 3 other referees,
like one, two. And that's not seconds.
That's not seconds subjected.
Because you know what? Cause even after that,
the referee racial glove look at this couple other seconds.
When you look at it, he had about 30 seconds. He had 30 seconds.
And then they said, oh he, he recovered. I said, but you know,
they went and did that to anybody else. Mm-hmm <affirmative> right. I said,
but how, but now,
now what bothered me was what bothered me. I said, how do you,
I said, he go any other country and fight.
And they other and the guy, dude, him like this, they stop the fight.
Right?
A lot of referees would've stopped that fight. I said.
They, I say stop the fight. Yeah. I said, now I said,
how is it when somebody can come in your country
and, and, and they, and you give them the ups. Right, right, right. I said,
I said, I said, I said, something's wrong with that? I said, I.
Just think it was cuz it was such a big fight.
Like everybody wanted to see that fight. It was such a huge fight. Well.
You know, I'm saying, even though I'm saying you go in, in other country,
you know, if that fight close anywhere, you are not kidding.
Right. Right. You getting it. Right. And, and you could like, just like, like I,
I, I I'll hit that guy. The guy, the guy didn't even throw no punches,
some of rounds. Mm-hmm <affirmative> they said, I remember they asked the guy.
I said, how could you win around when you didn't throw a punch in that round?
The only person who's ever done that is Willie pep. <laugh> right.
Willie pep won round by being a slick defensive fighter. Yeah. Yeah.
But he was so impressive that people gave him the round anyway. Yeah. You know,
that's a, that fight was, uh,
that was a fight that begged for a rematch just begged for a rematch.
And it bothers me.
It's one of the things that bothers me about boxing sometimes is that these
fights, they don't, they don't come to fruition. And then if, I mean,
he almost lost in his Tyson with that LA that cut in his last fight. I mean,
that was a bad cut. Yeah. They could have stopped that fight, you.
Know, but see. Yeah. Cause, but you know, they, they stopped it.
They stopped it when they wanted to stop it. So you gotta understand who,
who, who leading this thing off to a point where that you got to get
in the game with me in the bar game. I just wanted it to be right.
Cause I know how,
how important it is for anybody who put they
life online to be a fighter. And won't you say? I,
I, it was fair. I did it.
I did my all at least I got my opportunity.